Add citation file (#94)
meteofrance/mfai: README.md

See the [Python Packaging User Guide](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/guides/using-testpypi/) for more information on how to publish a package to PyPI.

# Citation

> If you find this library usefule, please cite it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use this library in your research project, please cite it:
```

```

> Météo-France, Berthomier L., Guibert F., Pradel B., Tournier T. mfai URL: https://github.com/meteofrance/mfai

Author: Applied in https://github.com/meteofrance/mfai/pull/94/commits/16358f25ea30d1916365c06ef5b465a8e8636f93
